everybody nobody forgets my name ever
because I'm in every game yeah what's a
mollusk is any new animals kiss nobody
knows little mollusk yes all right
what Sonia it's a country I've got the
China oh it's all over my face I can't
come to work it's kind of like punching
a bag of oh no it's an analogy what do
you think no allergy not ain't allowed
for your factoring out world or
something and that we've seen times it's
held on who's making it go home and even
the whites like rig the same system but
next but then after a while they started
coming really like a lot and then you're
look sad this is my thermostat they know
some kind of a weird men in black
analogy you're both Turkish so you see
your boat your birth your birthday at
the same time which the and remember
free get off and God what the hell
and with MSM amethyst and then you know
amethyst even the band don't like the
hole or the yeah yeah you're like any of
that then we're not gonna do we're not
gonna no you're gonna this is not even
the finger traps or something made in
Japan and you can't get your fingers out
in this you know the trick or you've
seen Addams Family Values I'm going to
right now
hey I'm not staring directly into your
eyes at all I can be blind I'm trying to
blind I'm fine right now
are you that an amazing actor I didn't
say what kind of line it was I just
can't see greenie right now okay visible
invisible it's almost like there's a
different background there no people
like baseball come on way too many of
them he sometimes goes to Venus what
about Uranus
d right here here here here and glue you
wanna do you wanna take this it's a
really strong glue and you just want to
point that right there
what are you doing $5,000 worth of
cotton so this is what I'm doing money
you know okay
does it make it walk away all right no I
don't want to roll with you wait wait
wait saved saved by the grass